- [Instructor] This chapter will cover how remote platforms
make it easier for teams to work with Git.
Remote platforms, or repository managers,
provide additional capabilities
that surround Git repositories.
These capabilities help development teams organize
and communicate better regarding changes
to the project's code.
For instance, in a remote platform like GitLab,
you can manage project work items, perform code reviews,
or control how code changes flow from branch to branch.
This chapter will start with an overview
of remote platforms
and a comparison of several prominent repository managers.
Then we'll go hands-on with GitLab
to give you some experience working
with a repository manager.
We will install and configure the tool
before I give you a basic walk-through
to get you familiar with its features.
Next, we'll step away from GitLab
to look at workflows and branching strategies
that standardize the flow of code
from your local machine to a master production branch.
Then, we'll put the two concepts together
and I'll walk you through the GitFlow workflow using GitLab.
I will teach you each step of the workflow
starting with an issue in the workload tracker,
then building a feature branch
and progressing our code changes all the way to production.
After completing this chapter,
you will understand how the best development teams
promote their code,
and how to use the tools they use to do it.
With this experience,
you'll be able to introduce these practices to your team
to operate more efficiently,
or be confident in stepping in to any new team.